Document KubeletConfiguration limitation (#3872)
kubernetes-sigs/kind: site/content/docs/user/configuration.md

          enable-admission-plugins: NodeRestriction,MutatingAdmissionWebhook,ValidatingAdmissionWebhook
{{< /codeFromInline >}}

> > **NOTE**: When using `KubeletConfiguration`, kubeadm only applies the kubelet configuration to the **first** node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE**: When using `KubeletConfiguration`, kubeadm only reads the kubelet configuration from the **first** node, which will apply to all nodes.
```

Reviewer: We should probably also mention that you can instead use extraArgs for kubelet in most cases, in JoinConfiguration. We should also probably mention Init vs Join and how kubeadm works, but at some point we should just link out to kubeadm docs and that shouldn't block this PR
